<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
To change this template, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
        <title>TODO supply a title</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Use Case 01 : User Deposits Money</h1>
        <h2>Main scenario</h2>


        <ol>
            <li>User goes to Admin</li>
            <li>User asks Admin to add an amount to the Lunch Ordering application</li>
            <li>Admin goes to User's Account page and verifies the current balance</li>
            <li>Admin accepts the money</li>
            <li>Admin adds the amount to the balance</li>
            <li>Lunch Ordering Application shows the new balance</li>
            <li>Admin confirms adding the amount</li>
            <li>Lunch Ordering Application shows the new balance</li>
            <li>User thanks Admin and goes back to work</li>
        </ol>

        <h2>Alternatives</h2>

        <ul>
            <li>
                <p>1a. User only wants to use the system to order something today.</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>1a1. User makes choice for lunch</li>
                    <li>1a2. follow main scenario</li>
                    <li>1a3. Users asks Admin to order the chosen lunch</li>
                </ul>
                <p><span class="note">It is highly likely that in this case the system will not be used.</span></p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>2a. User wants to withdraw from his/her balance</p>
                <ol>
                    <li>2a1. User asks Admin to withdraw money</li>
                    <li>2a2 Admin verifies User's identity</li>
                    <li>2a3 Admin goes to User's Account page and verifies the current balance</li>
                    <li>2a4 Admin accepts the money</li>
                    <li>2a5 Admin adds the amount to the balance</li>
                    <li>2a6 Lunch Ordering Application shows the new balance</li>
                    <li>2a7 Admin confirms adding the amount</li>
                    <li>2a8 User thanks Admin and goes back to work</li>
                </ol>
            </li>
        </ul>
     </body>
</html>
